app:AMdroid
package:com.amdroidalarmclock.amdroid
Launcher:com.amdroidalarmclock.amdroid.MainActivity
app:Awesome Alarm Clock
package:com.soloseal.awesomealarmclock
Launcher:com.soloseal.awesomealarmclock.MainActivity
app:Analog Alarm Clock
package:com.soloseal.analogalarmclock
Launcher:com.soloseal.analogalarmclock.MainActivity
app:3C Task Manager
package:ccc71.tm
Launcher:ccc71.tm.main
app:Compass
package:com.miui.compass
Launcher:com.miui.compass.CompassActivity
app:AnLinux
package:exa.lnx.a
Launcher:exa.lnx.a.MainUI
app:Secure Box
package:com.termoneplus.securebox
Launcher:com.termoneplus.securebox.MainActivity
app:Auto Clicker
package:com.karta.tools.autoclickerfree
Launcher:com.karta.tools.autoclickerfree.WelcomeActivity
app:Bluetooth Keyboard & Mouse
package:io.appground.blek
Launcher:io.appground.blek.MainActivity
app:Andronix
package:studio.com.techriz.andronix
Launcher:studio.com.techriz.andronix.AppClasses.Splash
app:Alarm Clock
package:com.ihandysoft.alarmclock
Launcher:com.ihandysoft.alarmclock.DeskClock
app:CalcTape
package:de.sfr.calctape
Launcher:de.sfr.calctape.activities.main.CalcTapeActivity
app:Clock
package:com.android.deskclock
Launcher:com.android.deskclock.DeskClockTabActivity
app:ConnectBot
package:org.connectbot
Launcher:org.connectbot.HostListActivity
app:Counter
package:com.pra.counter
Launcher:com.pra.counter.EntryActivity
app:Setup Wizard
package:com.google.android.setupwizard
Launcher:null
app:Chrome
package:com.android.chrome
Launcher:com.google.android.apps.chrome.Main
app:Compass
package:kr.sira.compass
Launcher:kr.sira.compass.Intro
app:Auto Clicker
package:com.truedevelopersstudio.automatictap.autoclicker
Launcher:com.truedevelopersstudio.autoclicker.activities.SplashActivity
app:Calculator MAGMA
package:com.blogspot.turbocolor.magma_calc
Launcher:com.blogspot.turbocolor.magma_calc.MainActivityTab
app:Accurate Barometer
package:com.arlabsmobile.barometerfree
Launcher:com.arlabsmobile.barometer.MainActivity
app:Battery
package:simple.batttery.alarm
Launcher:simple.batttery.alarm.main
app:Scanner
package:com.xiaomi.scanner
Launcher:com.xiaomi.scanner.app.ScanActivity
app:Atomic Time
package:com.twiegold.atomictime
Launcher:com.twiegold.atomictime.MainActivity
app:Clock
package:systems.sieber.fsclock
Launcher:systems.sieber.fsclock.FullscreenActivity
app:Digital Clock and Weather
package:com.sonyericsson.digitalclockwidget2
Launcher:com.sonyericsson.digitalclockwidget2.Info
app:DroidVim
package:com.droidvim
Launcher:jackpal.androidterm.Term
app:Google Play Movies & TV
package:com.google.android.videos
Launcher:com.google.android.youtube.videos.EntryPoint
app:Dummy file generator
package:jp.nomunomu.dummy
Launcher:jp.nomunomu.dummy.ui.MainActivity
app:Gallery
package:com.miui.gallery
Launcher:com.miui.gallery.activity.HomePageActivity
app:Google Play services
package:com.google.android.gms
Launcher:null
app:Device Info 360
package:com.vishtekstudios.deviceinfo
Launcher:com.vishtekstudios.deviceinfo.activities.SplashActivity
app:Google Play Music
package:com.google.android.music
Launcher:com.android.music.activitymanagement.TopLevelActivity
app:Duo
package:com.google.android.apps.tachyon
Launcher:com.google.android.apps.tachyon.MainActivity
app:File Manager
package:com.mi.android.globalFileexplorer
Launcher:com.android.fileexplorer.FileExplorerTabActivity
app:DroidEdit Free
package:com.aor.droidedit
Launcher:com.aor.droidedit.DroidEditFreeActivity
app:ElectroCalc
package:com.solarelectrocalc.electrocalc
Launcher:com.solarelectrocalc.electrocalc.SplashActivity
app:File Manager +
package:com.alphainventor.filemanager
Launcher:com.alphainventor.filemanager.activity.MainActivity
app:File Rename
package:com.gmail.ttea.studio.fr
Launcher:com.gmail.ttea.studio.fr.RenameMainActivity
app:Dcoder
package:com.paprbit.dcoder
Launcher:com.paprbit.dcoder.splash.Splash
app:File Splitter Joiner
package:com.gmail.ttea.studio.fsj
Launcher:com.gmail.ttea.studio.fsj.SplitMainActivity
app:Function Generator
package:com.keuwl.functiongenerator
Launcher:com.keuwl.functiongenerator.MainActivity
app:Google
package:com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox
Launcher:com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox.SearchActivity
app:Drive
package:com.google.android.apps.docs
Launcher:com.google.android.apps.docs.app.NewMainProxyActivity
app:FS Explorer
package:com.ioapps.fsexplorer
Launcher:com.ioapps.fsexplorer.MainActivity
app:Fennec File Manager
package:com.fenneky.fennecfilemanager
Launcher:com.fenneky.fennecfilemanager.SplashActivity
app:Google Play services for Instant Apps
package:com.google.android.instantapps.supervisor
Launcher:null
app:DS Barometer
package:com.discipleskies.android.dsbarometer
Launcher:com.discipleskies.android.dsbarometer.PermissionsActivity
app:File manager
package:pl.mkexplorer.kormateusz
Launcher:pl.mkexplorer.kormateusz.MKexplorerActivity
app:Good Night Alarm Clock
package:com.soloseal.goodnightalarmclock
Launcher:com.soloseal.goodnightalarmclock.MainActivity
app:Device ID
package:com.evozi.deviceid
Launcher:com.evozi.deviceid.MainActivity
app:FX
package:nextapp.fx
Launcher:nextapp.fx.ui.textedit.TextEditorActivity
app:Gmail
package:com.google.android.gm
Launcher:com.google.android.gm.ConversationListActivityGmail
app:Google Play Store
package:com.android.vending
Launcher:com.android.vending.AssetBrowserActivity
app:Gboard
package:com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
Launcher:null
app:Libraries for developers
package:com.desarrollodroide.repos
Launcher:com.desarrollodroide.repos.MainActivity
app:Music Player
package:com.musicplayer.player.mp3player.white
Launcher:com.musicplayer.player.mp3player.white.activity.MainActivity
app:Night Clock
package:com.firebirdberlin.nightdream
Launcher:com.firebirdberlin.nightdream.NightDreamActivity
app:Material Terminal
package:yarolegovich.materialterminal
Launcher:yarolegovich.materialterminal.Term
app:Nova Video Player
package:org.courville.nova
Launcher:org.courville.nova.browser.BrowserActivityVideo
app:Nova Launcher
package:com.teslacoilsw.launcher
Launcher:com.teslacoilsw.launcher.NovaShortcutHandler
app:Maps
package:com.google.android.apps.maps
Launcher:com.google.android.maps.MapsActivity
app:Material Files
package:me.zhanghai.android.files
Launcher:me.zhanghai.android.files.filelist.FileListActivity
app:Music
package:com.miui.player
Launcher:com.miui.player.ui.MusicBrowserActivity
app:Moon Phase Alarm Clock
package:com.soloseal.moonphasealarmclock
Launcher:com.soloseal.moonphasealarmclock.MainActivity
app:NightClock
package:com.pransuinc.nightclock
Launcher:com.pransuinc.nightclock.activity.MainActivity
app:Kustom Widget
package:org.kustom.widget
Launcher:org.kustom.widget.picker.WidgetPicker
app:Kitchen Radio
package:com.lcg.home_radio
Launcher:com.lcg.home_radio.Main
app:Jota Text Editor
package:jp.sblo.pandora.jota
Launcher:jp.sblo.pandora.jota.Main
app:Introspect
package:com.pixplicity.devcheck
Launcher:com.pixplicity.devcheck.activities.MainActivity
app:Just Player
package:com.brouken.player
Launcher:com.brouken.player.PlayerActivity
app:Memory Shredder
package:com.gmail.ttea.studio.rfg
Launcher:com.gmail.ttea.studio.rfg.GenerateMainActivity
app:Mail
package:com.android.email
Launcher:com.android.email.activity.Welcome
app:Huge Digital Clock
package:com.cama.app.huge80sclock
Launcher:com.cama.app.huge80sclock.SplashScreenActivity
app:Multi Timer
package:com.jee.timer
Launcher:com.jee.timer.ui.activity.IntroActivity
app:Notes
package:com.miui.notes
Launcher:com.miui.notes.ui.NotesListActivity
app:One-Tap Timer 2
package:com.soloseal.onetaptimer2
Launcher:com.soloseal.onetaptimer2.MainActivity
app:Hacker's Keyboard
package:org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard
Launcher:org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard.Main
app:Memory Info
package:com.gmail.ttea.studio.mu
Launcher:com.gmail.ttea.studio.mu.MemoryMainActivity
app:Memory Fill
package:com.rektgames.memoryfill
Launcher:com.rektgames.memoryfill.Views.TabbedActivity
app:Square Home
package:com.ss.squarehome2
Launcher:com.ss.squarehome2.MyPreferencesActivity
app:Termux
package:com.termux
Launcher:com.termux.app.TermuxActivity
app:Terminal Emulator
package:com.termoneplus
Launcher:com.termoneplus.TermActivity
app:VNC Viewer
package:com.realvnc.viewer.android
Launcher:com.realvnc.viewer.android.app.ConnectionChooserActivity
app:Time and Memo
package:wan.util.showtime
Launcher:wan.util.showtime.ShowTimeConfigActivity
app:Panecal
package:jp.ne.kutu.Panecal
Launcher:jp.ne.kutu.Panecal.SplashActivity
app:Poweramp
package:com.maxmpz.audioplayer
Launcher:com.maxmpz.audioplayer.standard_adaptive
app:TotalCmd-Wifi Transfer
package:com.ghisler.tcplugins.wifitransfer
Launcher:com.ghisler.tcplugins.wifitransfer.WifiReceiveActivity
app:Travel Alarm Clock
package:com.soloseal.travelalarmclock
Launcher:com.soloseal.travelalarmclock.MainActivity
app:Simple System Monitor
package:com.dp.sysmonitor.app
Launcher:com.dp.sysmonitor.app.activities.SplashActivity
app:Total Commander
package:com.ghisler.android.TotalCommander
Launcher:com.ghisler.android.TotalCommander.TotalCommander
app:Qute
package:com.ddm.qute
Launcher:com.ddm.qute.ui.MainActivity
app:Treble Info
package:tk.hack5.treblecheck
Launcher:tk.hack5.treblecheck.ScrollingActivity
app:Tick Tock Pendulum Clock
package:com.soloseal.ticktockpendulumclock
Launcher:com.soloseal.ticktockpendulumclock.MainActivity
app:Package Names
package:com.csdroid.pkg
Launcher:com.csdroid.pkg.ui.home.MainActivity
app:Secure Box
package:com.termoneplus.securebox
Launcher:com.termoneplus.securebox.MainActivity
app:Simple File Manager
package:com.simple.filemanager
Launcher:com.concise.filemanager.FileManagerMainActivity
app:PowerAudio Free
package:xsoftstudio.musicplayer
Launcher:xsoftstudio.musicplayer.ActivityMain
app:Sunclock
package:ch.hbenecke.sunday
Launcher:ch.hbenecke.sunday.ActivityMain
app:SystemPanel
package:nextapp.sp
Launcher:nextapp.sp.ui.MainActivity
app:Weather
package:com.miui.weather2
Launcher:com.miui.weather2.ActivityWeatherMain
app:Terminal Emulator
package:jackpal.androidterm
Launcher:jackpal.androidterm.Term
app:Storage Isolation
package:moe.shizuku.redirectstorage
Launcher:moe.shizuku.redirectstorage.MainActivity
app:RNX TMX
package:com.awnto.rnx.rtmx
Launcher:com.awnto.rnx.rtmx.app.termuwuxActivity
app:UnicodePad
package:jp.ddo.hotmist.unicodepad
Launcher:jp.ddo.hotmist.unicodepad.UnicodeActivity
app:Recorder
package:com.android.soundrecorder
Launcher:com.android.soundrecorder.SoundRecorder
app:Task Killer
package:com.androidrocker.taskkiller
Launcher:com.androidrocker.taskkiller.MainActivity
app:UniPlay Service
package:com.milink.service
Launcher:null
app:Scanner
package:com.xiaomi.scanner
Launcher:com.xiaomi.scanner.app.ScanActivity
app:System information
package:com.magdalm.systemupdate
Launcher:com.magdalm.systemupdate.SplashActivity
app:T-UI
package:ohi.andre.consolelauncher
Launcher:ohi.andre.consolelauncher.LauncherActivity
app:Shell Terminal Emulator
package:com.acr.shellterminalemulator
Launcher:com.acr.shellterminalemulator.MainActivity
app:Temperature Alarm Clock
package:com.soloseal.temperaturealarmclock
Launcher:com.soloseal.temperaturealarmclock.MainActivity
app:XBrowser
package:com.xbrowser.play
Launcher:com.mmbox.xbrowser.BrowserActivity
app:WebMasterLite
package:com.welant.webmaster.DEMO
Launcher:com.welant.webmaster.EditorLite
app:WhatWeather
package:com.kolov.weatherstation
Launcher:com.kolov.weatherstation.SplashScreenActivity
app:YouTube
package:com.google.android.youtube
Launcher:com.google.android.youtube.app.honeycomb.Shell$HomeActivity
app:Win-X Launcher (No Ads)
package:com.InternityLabs.Launcher.WinX
Launcher:crc64b49898e1315006a0.MainActivity
app:X-plore
package:com.lonelycatgames.Xplore
Launcher:com.lonelycatgames.Xplore.Browser
app:WebSharing Lite
package:nextapp.websharing
Launcher:nextapp.websharing.ui.HomeActivity
