app:AMdroid
com.amdroidalarmclock.amdroid
com.amdroidalarmclock.amdroid.MainActivity
app:Awesome Alarm Clock
com.soloseal.awesomealarmclock
com.soloseal.awesomealarmclock.MainActivity
app:Analog Alarm Clock
com.soloseal.analogalarmclock
com.soloseal.analogalarmclock.MainActivity
app:3C Task Manager
ccc71.tm
ccc71.tm.main
app:Compass
com.miui.compass
com.miui.compass.CompassActivity
app:AnLinux
exa.lnx.a
exa.lnx.a.MainUI
app:Secure Box
com.termoneplus.securebox
com.termoneplus.securebox.MainActivity
app:Auto Clicker
com.karta.tools.autoclickerfree
com.karta.tools.autoclickerfree.WelcomeActivity
app:Bluetooth Keyboard & Mouse
io.appground.blek
io.appground.blek.MainActivity
app:Andronix
studio.com.techriz.andronix
studio.com.techriz.andronix.AppClasses.Splash
app:Alarm Clock
com.ihandysoft.alarmclock
com.ihandysoft.alarmclock.DeskClock
app:CalcTape
de.sfr.calctape
de.sfr.calctape.activities.main.CalcTapeActivity
app:Clock
com.android.deskclock
com.android.deskclock.DeskClockTabActivity
app:ConnectBot
org.connectbot
org.connectbot.HostListActivity
app:Counter
com.pra.counter
com.pra.counter.EntryActivity
app:Setup Wizard
com.google.android.setupwizard
null
app:Chrome
com.android.chrome
com.google.android.apps.chrome.Main
app:Compass
kr.sira.compass
kr.sira.compass.Intro
app:Auto Clicker
com.truedevelopersstudio.automatictap.autoclicker
com.truedevelopersstudio.autoclicker.activities.SplashActivity
app:Calculator MAGMA
com.blogspot.turbocolor.magma_calc
com.blogspot.turbocolor.magma_calc.MainActivityTab
app:Accurate Barometer
com.arlabsmobile.barometerfree
com.arlabsmobile.barometer.MainActivity
app:Battery
simple.batttery.alarm
simple.batttery.alarm.main
app:Scanner
com.xiaomi.scanner
com.xiaomi.scanner.app.ScanActivity
app:Atomic Time
com.twiegold.atomictime
com.twiegold.atomictime.MainActivity
app:Clock
systems.sieber.fsclock
systems.sieber.fsclock.FullscreenActivity
app:Digital Clock and Weather
com.sonyericsson.digitalclockwidget2
com.sonyericsson.digitalclockwidget2.Info
app:DroidVim
com.droidvim
jackpal.androidterm.Term
app:Google Play Movies & TV
com.google.android.videos
com.google.android.youtube.videos.EntryPoint
app:Dummy file generator
jp.nomunomu.dummy
jp.nomunomu.dummy.ui.MainActivity
app:Gallery
com.miui.gallery
com.miui.gallery.activity.HomePageActivity
app:Google Play services
com.google.android.gms
null
app:Device Info 360
com.vishtekstudios.deviceinfo
com.vishtekstudios.deviceinfo.activities.SplashActivity
app:Google Play Music
com.google.android.music
com.android.music.activitymanagement.TopLevelActivity
app:Duo
com.google.android.apps.tachyon
com.google.android.apps.tachyon.MainActivity
app:File Manager
com.mi.android.globalFileexplorer
com.android.fileexplorer.FileExplorerTabActivity
app:DroidEdit Free
com.aor.droidedit
com.aor.droidedit.DroidEditFreeActivity
app:ElectroCalc
com.solarelectrocalc.electrocalc
com.solarelectrocalc.electrocalc.SplashActivity
app:File Manager +
com.alphainventor.filemanager
com.alphainventor.filemanager.activity.MainActivity
app:File Rename
com.gmail.ttea.studio.fr
com.gmail.ttea.studio.fr.RenameMainActivity
app:Dcoder
com.paprbit.dcoder
com.paprbit.dcoder.splash.Splash
app:File Splitter Joiner
com.gmail.ttea.studio.fsj
com.gmail.ttea.studio.fsj.SplitMainActivity
app:Function Generator
com.keuwl.functiongenerator
com.keuwl.functiongenerator.MainActivity
app:Google
com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox
com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox.SearchActivity
app:Drive
com.google.android.apps.docs
com.google.android.apps.docs.app.NewMainProxyActivity
app:FS Explorer
com.ioapps.fsexplorer
com.ioapps.fsexplorer.MainActivity
app:Fennec File Manager
com.fenneky.fennecfilemanager
com.fenneky.fennecfilemanager.SplashActivity
app:Google Play services for Instant Apps
com.google.android.instantapps.supervisor
null
app:DS Barometer
com.discipleskies.android.dsbarometer
com.discipleskies.android.dsbarometer.PermissionsActivity
app:File manager
pl.mkexplorer.kormateusz
pl.mkexplorer.kormateusz.MKexplorerActivity
app:Good Night Alarm Clock
com.soloseal.goodnightalarmclock
com.soloseal.goodnightalarmclock.MainActivity
app:Device ID
com.evozi.deviceid
com.evozi.deviceid.MainActivity
app:FX
nextapp.fx
nextapp.fx.ui.textedit.TextEditorActivity
app:Gmail
com.google.android.gm
com.google.android.gm.ConversationListActivityGmail
app:Google Play Store
com.android.vending
com.android.vending.AssetBrowserActivity
app:Gboard
com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
null
app:Libraries for developers
com.desarrollodroide.repos
com.desarrollodroide.repos.MainActivity
app:Music Player
com.musicplayer.player.mp3player.white
com.musicplayer.player.mp3player.white.activity.MainActivity
app:Night Clock
com.firebirdberlin.nightdream
com.firebirdberlin.nightdream.NightDreamActivity
app:Material Terminal
yarolegovich.materialterminal
yarolegovich.materialterminal.Term
app:Nova Video Player
org.courville.nova
org.courville.nova.browser.BrowserActivityVideo
app:Nova Launcher
com.teslacoilsw.launcher
com.teslacoilsw.launcher.NovaShortcutHandler
app:Maps
com.google.android.apps.maps
com.google.android.maps.MapsActivity
app:Material Files
me.zhanghai.android.files
me.zhanghai.android.files.filelist.FileListActivity
app:Music
com.miui.player
com.miui.player.ui.MusicBrowserActivity
app:Moon Phase Alarm Clock
com.soloseal.moonphasealarmclock
com.soloseal.moonphasealarmclock.MainActivity
app:NightClock
com.pransuinc.nightclock
com.pransuinc.nightclock.activity.MainActivity
app:Kustom Widget
org.kustom.widget
org.kustom.widget.picker.WidgetPicker
app:Kitchen Radio
com.lcg.home_radio
com.lcg.home_radio.Main
app:Jota Text Editor
jp.sblo.pandora.jota
jp.sblo.pandora.jota.Main
app:Introspect
com.pixplicity.devcheck
com.pixplicity.devcheck.activities.MainActivity
app:Just Player
com.brouken.player
com.brouken.player.PlayerActivity
app:Memory Shredder
com.gmail.ttea.studio.rfg
com.gmail.ttea.studio.rfg.GenerateMainActivity
app:Mail
com.android.email
com.android.email.activity.Welcome
app:Huge Digital Clock
com.cama.app.huge80sclock
com.cama.app.huge80sclock.SplashScreenActivity
app:Multi Timer
com.jee.timer
com.jee.timer.ui.activity.IntroActivity
app:Notes
com.miui.notes
com.miui.notes.ui.NotesListActivity
app:One-Tap Timer 2
com.soloseal.onetaptimer2
com.soloseal.onetaptimer2.MainActivity
app:Hacker's Keyboard
org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard
org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard.Main
app:Memory Info
com.gmail.ttea.studio.mu
com.gmail.ttea.studio.mu.MemoryMainActivity
app:Memory Fill
com.rektgames.memoryfill
com.rektgames.memoryfill.Views.TabbedActivity
app:Square Home
com.ss.squarehome2
com.ss.squarehome2.MyPreferencesActivity
app:Termux
com.termux
com.termux.app.TermuxActivity
app:Terminal Emulator
com.termoneplus
com.termoneplus.TermActivity
app:VNC Viewer
com.realvnc.viewer.android
com.realvnc.viewer.android.app.ConnectionChooserActivity
app:Time and Memo
wan.util.showtime
wan.util.showtime.ShowTimeConfigActivity
app:Panecal
jp.ne.kutu.Panecal
jp.ne.kutu.Panecal.SplashActivity
app:Poweramp
com.maxmpz.audioplayer
com.maxmpz.audioplayer.standard_adaptive
app:TotalCmd-Wifi Transfer
com.ghisler.tcplugins.wifitransfer
com.ghisler.tcplugins.wifitransfer.WifiReceiveActivity
app:Travel Alarm Clock
com.soloseal.travelalarmclock
com.soloseal.travelalarmclock.MainActivity
app:Simple System Monitor
com.dp.sysmonitor.app
com.dp.sysmonitor.app.activities.SplashActivity
app:Total Commander
com.ghisler.android.TotalCommander
com.ghisler.android.TotalCommander.TotalCommander
app:Qute
com.ddm.qute
com.ddm.qute.ui.MainActivity
app:Treble Info
tk.hack5.treblecheck
tk.hack5.treblecheck.ScrollingActivity
app:Tick Tock Pendulum Clock
com.soloseal.ticktockpendulumclock
com.soloseal.ticktockpendulumclock.MainActivity
app:Package Names
com.csdroid.pkg
com.csdroid.pkg.ui.home.MainActivity
app:Secure Box
com.termoneplus.securebox
com.termoneplus.securebox.MainActivity
app:Simple File Manager
com.simple.filemanager
com.concise.filemanager.FileManagerMainActivity
app:PowerAudio Free
xsoftstudio.musicplayer
xsoftstudio.musicplayer.ActivityMain
app:Sunclock
ch.hbenecke.sunday
ch.hbenecke.sunday.ActivityMain
app:SystemPanel
nextapp.sp
nextapp.sp.ui.MainActivity
app:Weather
com.miui.weather2
com.miui.weather2.ActivityWeatherMain
app:Terminal Emulator
jackpal.androidterm
jackpal.androidterm.Term
app:Storage Isolation
moe.shizuku.redirectstorage
moe.shizuku.redirectstorage.MainActivity
app:RNX TMX
com.awnto.rnx.rtmx
com.awnto.rnx.rtmx.app.termuwuxActivity
app:UnicodePad
jp.ddo.hotmist.unicodepad
jp.ddo.hotmist.unicodepad.UnicodeActivity
app:Recorder
com.android.soundrecorder
com.android.soundrecorder.SoundRecorder
app:Task Killer
com.androidrocker.taskkiller
com.androidrocker.taskkiller.MainActivity
app:UniPlay Service
com.milink.service
null
app:Scanner
com.xiaomi.scanner
com.xiaomi.scanner.app.ScanActivity
app:System information
com.magdalm.systemupdate
com.magdalm.systemupdate.SplashActivity
app:T-UI
ohi.andre.consolelauncher
ohi.andre.consolelauncher.LauncherActivity
app:Shell Terminal Emulator
com.acr.shellterminalemulator
com.acr.shellterminalemulator.MainActivity
app:Temperature Alarm Clock
com.soloseal.temperaturealarmclock
com.soloseal.temperaturealarmclock.MainActivity
app:XBrowser
com.xbrowser.play
com.mmbox.xbrowser.BrowserActivity
app:WebMasterLite
com.welant.webmaster.DEMO
com.welant.webmaster.EditorLite
app:WhatWeather
com.kolov.weatherstation
com.kolov.weatherstation.SplashScreenActivity
app:YouTube
com.google.android.youtube
com.google.android.youtube.app.honeycomb.Shell$HomeActivity
app:Win-X Launcher (No Ads)
com.InternityLabs.Launcher.WinX
crc64b49898e1315006a0.MainActivity
app:X-plore
com.lonelycatgames.Xplore
com.lonelycatgames.Xplore.Browser
app:WebSharing Lite
nextapp.websharing
nextapp.websharing.ui.HomeActivity
